So, i have a massive project. It is going to be a media center. My aim is to open micrsoft edge to this webpage, and have it serve as bookmarks and what not. We'll save everything in local storage
Layout wise, I want a main viewing area, surrounded by a left, right and top panel/bar. The top bar will hold icons/links --to say gmail, youtube, main things. The left will hold essentially shortcuts for youtube. It will be like a library, similar to file explorer, where you'll channels. When you click a channel, in the main viewer area, you'll see the links/videos saved --we'll talk about that specifically later on. But one element, is that you may have multilpe tabs. So in one given channel, you may have different sections, and simply those will be displayed in the top portion of the viewer, and toggle the according items inside. For clarity sake, the right bar will simply hold video titles --which we will engingeeer later on. But that is what it will hold, just some word links. 
For the top bar, I'll have the stock items running across --all of these will be icon based, so no names, just, for isntance, the gmail icon.  On the far left of the top bar, will be smaller tab markers, that when clicked toggle a new row of icons --maybe I want a tab for banking. 
In terms of overall layout, this will always be on my pc screen, on edge. What I want is essentially a left and right column, each some 10% of screenwidth, pushed against the left and right screen, running from top to bottom screen. Then at the top is the top bar, which squeezes between the right and left column, and it is against the top screen and is about 10% height --we'll adjust these later, i just want the proportions right. Then beneath the top bar is the viewer, which just fills in the left and right and beneaht the top bar. This will hold the items/stored videos from the left bar. 
So considering all that, we have to speak of the functioanlity of this website. Foremsot, and perhaps only, in terms of things stored, is the video element. Essentially, I want to make an exntesion for chrome, that upon right clicking a video --this means the thumbnail/title in the recommened, in the notication tab, or in the side bar while another video is open [store the one clicked, not the one open]-- there is a que label in that drop down menu (when right clicking). This will save the video to the main viewer of the media center. By default the main viewer will show these videos. I want them to show the thumbnail, and the title beneath that (in small font, allow for 2 lines in case there is overlfow.) When you click a video from here it should be removed from the viewer. One other element is that i want to be able to save videos for later that Im already watching. As I mentioned, the right tab will hold these. What I want is another extnesion --that hopefully sits as an icon in the extnesion tray next to the url-- and this 'saves video'. And put that video (title only/link) in the right bar. 
As for the left bar we are going to allow for other links/playlist headers. Allow linnks to be added or headers. Links just do what links do. But headers open up a new page/instance of the main viewer. What I want is to be able to put qued videos into that page. How it can work is in the default main viewr there can be an editing mode. Click that, and you can seelct the videos in the mainviewer. Then if you click a header in the left bar, it puts those videos in there. Note, that ideally those videos will be arranged in chronological order. Note, that normally, the main viewer just shows most recent videos first. Third, the main viewer shows all the qued videos, and in the top part of it there is the small editing trigger. Next to these have a delete feature, that when clicked, enters a state where you can click videos and theyre deleted. Fourth: headers and theyre pages may have different sections. In the top of each page have a little + button, that allows you to make a tab/section in that page --show a title to toggle between them. In this case, if I enter editing mode, then click a header, if there are more than one tab, a little pop up comes up for you to select which tab you want the videos put in. Note, that when you put videos into a header via editing, they are removed from the mainviewer. They go right into the header, leave the default viewer.
To reiterate, for the left bar, theres a small + button that adds a header, or if you long hold allows to add a link. If a header is open -and thus not the mainviewer default -then clicking on that header will close it and open the viewer. 
In the case of the top bar, Have a little - in the far left that allows to make tabs, and + button in each that allows for a link to be added. Note, that the - should stack vertically, on the left, so if i write 'banking, study, media' that these will be rather small and stacked in a column, whereas the linnks within will be horizontal. Note, that in the favorties bar no edge, an icon comes with the link. If you have no title/name, a link is still there. Can this be the case here? Will an icon insert in, say the gmail icon if I just make the link to gmail but with no name?
Do you have any questions/concenrs/clarities? 
Please ask anything, or something. I tried this before with firebase and it failed. Is there reason to think that two seperate esxtneisons is an issue? Could we achieve the same effect with one -if that would be better? The layout i am asking for was well made in my prior attempt, but the video saving did not work at all


https://github.com/ryanmgreen96/MediaCenter.git

that is my git. Set it up for easy pushing. 

I will test the ppage on live srver extensio. 


